You can't get in here.
You can't get up there.
Oh, I see.
I'm sorry.
But you're a man.
You can't sit on the chair.
You're a funny man.
But what's your age?
What's your age?
What's my age?
I'm...
No, I'm a man.
I'm going to die.
No, I'm not.
You're a man.
A man.
I'm not a man.
I'm a man.
A man.
What about the body?
The body is sick, isn't it?
It's quite interesting.
No, it's not.
How was your body?
It was a lot better.
Hey, hey, don't say that.
It's interesting.
Anyway, I'll judge you.
Show me your hand.
What should I do?
I should show my hand.
Ah, your hand.
Okay, I'll do it.
Okay, thank you.
Here, here.
Show me both hands.
It's okay to use one hand.
Don't worry.
Who's going to worry?
Show me your hand.
What's going on?
It's interesting.
Show me your hand.
Don't be a kid.
You have to hold on.
Hold it.
Here, here.
Don't do that.
What's this?
Show me your hand.
No, not your hand.
Ah, your hand.
Okay.
Show me your hand.
What's going on?
You're funny.
Show me your hand.
Don't move.
I see.
Do you understand?
I don't understand.
You're drowning.
Look at your belly.
You're sleeping there.
What?
What should I do?
You should go to sleep.
You're going to sleep?
I went to sleep too.
What are you going to do?
You're not sleeping.
I went to sleep at home.
Anyway, you should go to sleep.
I'm not going to sleep.
I'm not sleepy.
You're not going to sleep?
You're going to sleep.
Listen.
You're not going to sleep.
I'm going to sleep.
Go to sleep.
Good night.
I don't want to talk about good night.
I'm going to sleep.
Sorry.
You finally got to sleep.
You've got only one pillow.
I'm not sleeping.
I have a bedspread.
A bedspread?
Do you have one?